now in the fourth year of King Darius it
now in the fourth year of King Darius it came to pass that the word of the Lord
came to pass that the word of the Lord
came to pass that the word of the Lord came to Zechariah on the fourth day of
came to Zechariah on the fourth day of
came to Zechariah on the fourth day of the ninth month Kislev when the people
the ninth month Kislev when the people
the ninth month Kislev when the people sent cheresa with regal Milich and his
sent cheresa with regal Milich and his
sent cheresa with regal Milich and his men to the house of God to pray before
men to the house of God to pray before
men to the house of God to pray before the Lord and to ask the priests who were
the Lord and to ask the priests who were
the Lord and to ask the priests who were in the house of the Lord of Hosts and
in the house of the Lord of Hosts and
in the house of the Lord of Hosts and the prophets should I weep in the fifth
the prophets should I weep in the fifth
the prophets should I weep in the fifth month and fast as I have done for so
month and fast as I have done for so
month and fast as I have done for so many years then the word of the Lord of
many years then the word of the Lord of
many years then the word of the Lord of Hosts came to me saying say to all the
Hosts came to me saying say to all the
Hosts came to me saying say to all the people of the land and to the priests
people of the land and to the priests
people of the land and to the priests when you fasted and mourned in the fifth
when you fasted and mourned in the fifth
when you fasted and mourned in the fifth and seventh months during those seventy
and seventh months during those seventy
and seventh months during those seventy years
years
years did you really fast for me for me when
did you really fast for me for me when
did you really fast for me for me when you eat and when you drink do you not
you eat and when you drink do you not
you eat and when you drink do you not eat and drink for yourselves should you
eat and drink for yourselves should you
eat and drink for yourselves should you not have obeyed the words which the Lord
not have obeyed the words which the Lord
not have obeyed the words which the Lord proclaimed through the former prophets
proclaimed through the former prophets
proclaimed through the former prophets when Jerusalem and the cities around it
when Jerusalem and the cities around it
when Jerusalem and the cities around it were inhabited and prosperous and the
were inhabited and prosperous and the
were inhabited and prosperous and the south and the lowland were inhabited
south and the lowland were inhabited
south and the lowland were inhabited then the word of the Lord came to
then the word of the Lord came to
then the word of the Lord came to Zechariah execute true justice shall
Zechariah execute true justice shall
Zechariah execute true justice shall mercy and compassion everyone to his
mercy and compassion everyone to his
mercy and compassion everyone to his brother do not oppress the widow or the
brother do not oppress the widow or the
brother do not oppress the widow or the fatherless the alien or the poor
fatherless the alien or the poor
fatherless the alien or the poor let none of you plan evil in his heart
let none of you plan evil in his heart
let none of you plan evil in his heart against his brother but they refused to
against his brother but they refused to
against his brother but they refused to heed shrugged their shoulders and
heed shrugged their shoulders and
heed shrugged their shoulders and stopped their ears so that they could
stopped their ears so that they could
stopped their ears so that they could not hear yes
not hear yes
not hear yes they made their hearts like flint
they made their hearts like flint
they made their hearts like flint refusing to hear the law in the words
refusing to hear the law in the words
refusing to hear the law in the words which the Lord of Hosts had sent by his
which the Lord of Hosts had sent by his
which the Lord of Hosts had sent by his Spirit through the former prophets thus
Spirit through the former prophets thus
Spirit through the former prophets thus great wrath came from the Lord of hosts
great wrath came from the Lord of hosts
great wrath came from the Lord of hosts therefore it happened that just as he
therefore it happened that just as he
therefore it happened that just as he proclaimed and they would not hear so
proclaimed and they would not hear so
proclaimed and they would not hear so they called out and I would not listen
they called out and I would not listen
they called out and I would not listen but I scattered them with a whirlwind
but I scattered them with a whirlwind
but I scattered them with a whirlwind among all the nations which they had not
among all the nations which they had not
among all the nations which they had not know thus the land became desolate after
know thus the land became desolate after
know thus the land became desolate after them so that no one passed through or
them so that no one passed through or
them so that no one passed through or returned for they made were pleasantly
returned for they made were pleasantly
returned for they made were pleasantly desolate
desolate
desolate [Music]